---
tags:
  - diary
---
> [!IMPORTANT]
> このテンプレート[[01_diary]]の内容（TODOやTimeline）はサンプルです。
> ご自分にとって使いやすいように編集してください。

## TODO

- [x] ラズパイから蛍光周りのシステム抽出
- [ ] 明日の投稿内容検討
- [ ] 公式LINE投稿内容検討

## Timeline
DNA and phospholipids
**The fluorescence detector is used to detect DNA and Phospholipids. The fluorescence method determines the presence or absence and amount of a target substance by whether or not fluorescence is observed and by the intensity of the fluorescence. The number of pixels is obtained and used to measure the amount of fluorescence. Hoechst 33342 is selected for DNA detection, and TMA‑DPH is employed for phospholipid detection. Hoechst 33342 permeates cell membranes and biological membranes, allowing it to bind to DNA present in both viable and non-viable cells. Staining both live and dead cells boosts the amount of reacting DNA, making it possible to ascertain its existence. Upon excitation with a UV around 352 nm, it emits blue fluorescence around 461 nm. TMA‑DPH binds to the hydrophobic regions of the cell membrane and it emits fluorescence at around 430 nm when irradiated with a 355 nm UV. After a 5 minute 55℃ incubation, both reagents bind well to the targets of detection. These two dyes are stable at pH 7–8, adhere minimally to polypropylene or PLA (the raw material for 3D printed parts and infusion tubes), and maintain consistent performance over repeated trials. Therefore, to accommodate these conditions, the extraction solution was primarily composed of PBS with a pH around 7. Additionally, EDTA was added to prevent staining inhibition caused by the cell wall. The optical system of the detector is structured such that a UV‑LED around 365 nm is reflected at a right angle onto the sample by a high‑selectivity dichroic mirror, and the emitted fluorescence passing back through the same mirror is reduced by an emission filter around 479 nm before being imaged by a Raspberry Pi Camera V2. By setting test tubes containing the blank and each fluorescent reagent onto a holder and then sliding them using a motor, multiple measurements can be performed efficiently. The captured images are processed in real time on a Raspberry Pi 4B mounted on the rover, which computes pixel counts for the area of the test tube where the reaction occurs to ensure quantitative accuracy. Furthermore, by also simultaneously measuring and comparing the pixel count of a blank, the fluorescence originating specifically from the fluorescent reagent is clarified. By enclosing the entire unit in box‑type light shields, we prevent light from the sun and other equipment from affecting the measurements, securing reliable results.**

蛍光色素とメルクについて
蛍光色素
蛍光色素とは、検出対象の物質と混ぜて光を当てると、別の波長の光を発する試薬です。今回は2種類の試薬を用いて、DNAとリン脂質を検出します。